>>REGINA MEREDITH: Your
parents were both born in Iran
and became practicing Hindus.
Now what percentage
of residents of Iran
would be considered Hindu?
And you said, 000.1%.
>>ROHINI MORADI: We
lived there until 1989.
>>REGINA: OK.
>>MORADI: And we were
finally able to flee.
My parents moved here
with $300 in their pocket.
>>REGINA: My.
>>MORADI: I had to start
masking and pretending
I'm somebody I'm not to fit in.
>>REGINA: Did you speak English?
>>MORADI: Not very
well, actually.
>>REGINA: Not very well.
>>MORADI: I knew
the word "apple."
>>REGINA: Apple, that's--
>>MORADI: [LAUGHS]
The astrologer
told us there is a chance that
we would have another child
and that this child wouldn't
be with us very long.
My daughter Rishi was born.
And we had one of the
most difficult experiences
with her birth.
I have a really
hard time saying,
things happened for a reason,
or anything like that,
because there's so much
bad stuff that can happen.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>MORADI: Little by
little, I was led
to the words "Akashic Records."
They shook me up.
There's a big chance
you're carrying trauma
from your past life that's
not even a part of your soul.
It's something you
picked up somewhere.
Knowing that something like
this exists and is real
has changed my path
in life so much.
The realization of--
>>REGINA: Today's
guest Rohini Moradi
has lived her trials by
fire before returning
to her true self.
Born in Tehran, Iran
as a practicing Hindu,
her family was forced to
flee under the Ayatollah.
This is when her life
began turning dark.
But it's always the
darkest just before dawn,
and that's a big part
of Rohini's story.
Rohini, thank you
for joining us.
>>MORADI: Thank you so much
for having me on the show.
It's an honor.
>>REGINA: You're
kind of-- you've
been doing what you're
doing for a while,
but being with the media and
on camera, and everything,
is new to you.
>>MORADI: Absolutely.
[LAUGHS]
>>REGINA: Yeah, so I
just want to welcome you
and say thank you so much for
trusting us with your story.
It's a really interesting story.
And I think in American
culture, history is really not
that prevalent in terms of
our academic understanding
at large.
And so I thought this is
a wonderful opportunity
to help expose people to an area
of the world that had some very
complex history that you
were part of before we even
go into your story.
So first of all, your parents
were both born in Iran
and became practicing Hindus.
But they had traveled to India.
So let's talk about that
part of the story, where
this journey begins.
>>MORADI: Thank you.
Well, both of my parents
individually traveled to India
and fell in love
with the culture.
And my dad went as far
as becoming a pujari
for the only Hindu
temple in Tehran.
And pujari is the
equivalent of priest.
So he would run the temple.
And my mom's attraction to
the culture and Hinduism,
in general, led
her to that temple.
And they got married and
lived in the temple together.
And then we were born.
[LAUGHS]
>>REGINA: And their practices
really were in alignment with
the Hindu faith--
>>MORADI: Yes.
>>REGINA: --the
yogic practices--
>>MORADI: Yes.
>>REGINA: --which
is not what we think
of as yoginis in Lululemon.
>>MORADI: No.
>>REGINA: We think, in America,
that's what yoga is, but let's
talk about what yoga is in
the deepest truest sense.
>>MORADI: So yoga
is a way of life,
and it incorporates all
aspects of the self.
And the asanas, or
the poses, are just
a very small part of it.
But in reality, I think the
true core of what yoga is
is getting to know our
soul on a deeper level
and understanding our soul.
So all these practices that
we do on a daily ritual,
like cleanliness
or the way we cook
or the poses or breath
work or meditation,
are all designed to bring
us back to that inner light.
>>REGINA: And so you
were raised with this.
>>MORADI: Yes.
>>REGINA: And can
you tell us when
you were a little girl,
how it influenced your life
or what you practiced?
>>MORADI: Absolutely.
So when I was a little girl,
we lived in the temple.
So we were the only
family that lived there.
We would have weekly, I guess,
sermons you would call it,
but the celebrations really,
where people would come
and we would cook and
feed everybody and do
a meditation and a teaching.
But the way our everyday
life looked was you get up,
you clean, you chant,
you do breath work,
you meditate, you
do yoga, and then
you give back to your community.
So it was very common for
us to cook huge pots of food
and distribute them, again,
around and feed the homeless,
and things like that.
So our everyday life was
just tuning into ourselves
and then giving to
our surroundings.
>>REGINA: Very beautiful.
>>MORADI: It was so beautiful.
[LAUGHS]
>>REGINA: OK, so that did take
a little turn there for a while.
[LAUGHTER]
All right, so let's talk
about what happened.
Because we were
talking off camera.
I said, no, what percentage
of residents of Iraq
would be considered Hindu?
And you said, 000.1%.
>>MORADI: Yeah.
>>REGINA: It was
the only temple.
>>MORADI: The only temple.
>>REGINA: The only temple.
So when the Ayatollah deposed
the Shah, came to power,
what happened?
>>MORADI: Well, my dad
and the whole temple,
in general, struggled a lot.
And they wanted everyone to
conform to the Muslim faith.
And they were really
against anyone
who saw outside of that box.
So obviously, that temple
was a big problem to them.
And I remember as
a little girl, we
would have a lot of
government officials
come and visit us and sit in
on the teachings of my father
and just observe
what's really happening
to see if we're telling people
not to be Muslim, or things
like that.
And he actually ended up
going to jail a few times.
>>REGINA: What did
they imprison him for?
>>MORADI: Just--
>>REGINA: Being an infidel,
I suppose, being an infidel.
>>MORADI: Yeah.
>>REGINA: And so what was that
experience like for the family?
Was he gone for a day or
two or a little longer?
>>MORADI: Well, we
were really lucky,
in a sense, because
my mom's family was
connected to the government.
So he was able to
get out safely,
which a lot of people didn't.
But, yeah--
>>REGINA: He would get
out for a little while,
and then they'd
come get him again.
>>MORADI: Yeah.
>>REGINA: And so this
went on until you
realized you couldn't stay?
>>MORADI: Well, I
believe that they
were trying to leave most
of the time we lived there.
>>REGINA: OK.
>>MORADI: We lived
there until 1989.
>>REGINA: OK.
>>MORADI: And we were
finally able to flee.
>>REGINA: Ah, OK.
And you were-- how old
were you by this time?
>>MORADI: I was eight years old.
>>REGINA: Eight years old, OK.
And so then you got safely
out, and you came to America.
>>MORADI: We did.
>>REGINA: Why did
they choose America?
>>MORADI: You know, my dad
went to college in Detroit
and just loved
everything America.
He moved to Florida at
18 and then to Detroit.
But America was glorified
in our household.
[LAUGHTER]
So it was just this
land of opportunity,
where everyone
could be themselves.
And I think that's the
main reason we came here.
>>REGINA: OK, so when you
came to America, first of all,
where did you locate in America?
>>MORADI: We located to the Bay
Area in Burlingame, California.
>>REGINA: South of San
Francisco, my hometown.
>>MORADI: Oh!
>>REGINA: Yes!
And so, let's talk about
what began happening there
because this was not a life
filled with prayer and service.
>>MORADI: No.
>>REGINA: You had
arrived in America.
>>MORADI: Yeah.
>>REGINA: It's a life of
individuality, accomplishment,
achievement, and competition.
OK, so what happened
to all of you--
[LAUGHTER]
--from your dad's dream
of what it would be like?
>>MORADI: [LAUGHS] I giggle
because the dreams were
very big.
My parents moved here
with $300 in their pocket.
>>REGINA: My.
>>MORADI: So you can
just imagine the road
that would take you on.
We lived in a one bedroom
apartment, all five of us.
And I loved it actually.
I loved being with my parents
and close to my family.
But it was just going
to school and getting
to know my surroundings that
started this inner turmoil
within me, where I felt
like I'm not good enough
to be a part of the community,
where I had to start masking
and pretending I'm
somebody I'm not to fit in,
so that I don't get made
fun of for the clothes I'm
wearing or--
[LAUGHS]
>>REGINA: Did you speak English?
>>MORADI: Not very
well, actually.
I knew the word "apple."
>>REGINA: Apple, that's--
>>MORADI: [LAUGHS]
>>REGINA: --that's
limited vocabulary
unless you're
hungry for an apple.
[LAUGHTER]
So you didn't
speak the language.
You had no money for clothing.
So it wasn't easy to fit in
with the other kids for you.
>>MORADI: Not at all.
>>REGINA: OK, so let's talk
about what that did to you
inside and where it took you
when you entered your teenage
years and what happened to
you that led you on, really,
to a place that was
dark and mirrored a bit
of your dad's past--
>>MORADI: Yes, of course.
>>REGINA: --not for
the same reason.
>>MORADI: [LAUGHS]
No, not at all.
But what that really did
was diminish my true spirit
in a way, where I feel
like I had to hide it
for a really, really long time.
And I made up this persona
that really wasn't me.
I started partying and
doing all these things
that I wasn't happy doing.
Because really when
I was by myself,
I would go to my room
and meditate or practice
a yoga pose.
>>REGINA: Oh, really?
>>MORADI: Yeah, but when I
was outside, I was like, yay!
[LAUGHS]
>>REGINA: Yeah, let's party.
>>MORADI: Like me, please.
[LAUGHTER]
So I feel like that
ended up really
killing my self-esteem
for a really long time.
>>REGINA: So in your teenage
years, you were a party girl?
>>MORADI: Yeah, absolutely,
teenage years, all my 20s.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>MORADI: Yeah, it was--
>>REGINA: And at one point,
you ended up in prison.
>>MORADI: I did.
Well, in jail.
>>REGINA: In jail,
not prison, in jail.
>>MORADI: Yeah.
[LAUGHS]
>>REGINA: Let's talk about that.
>>MORADI: It was very
close to my 30th birthday.
And my husband and I
were on a camping trip
with a few friends.
And we were drinking
for most of the day.
And we got in an argument.
And out of nowhere really,
cops jumped out of the bushes.
And I feel like--
I know this sounds really funny.
But there was a campsite
near us that was really loud,
and I think somebody
called the cops on them.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>MORADI: But they heard
us arguing, and they came.
And they took me, and
I was there overnight.
And it was terrifying.
It was a really
big wake-up call.
Because after that, my father
picked me up in the morning.
He was just, instead
of being disappointed,
he was loving and went
through every step with me,
but gave me a book.
And I decided to actually
implement everything
that was in that book.
>>REGINA: What was the book?
>>MORADI: The book was
"Psycho-Cybernetics," by--
>>REGINA: Maltz.
>>MORADI: Walter Maltz.
>>REGINA: Maxwell Maltz.
>>MORADI: Maxwell
Maltz, thank you!
>>REGINA: I know this
because my father gave me
that book when I was 18.
It was the very first
book I was ever given
about personal empowerment.
>>MORADI: Yes!
>>REGINA: Yeah,
"Psycho-Cybernetics."
>>MORADI: Wow!
It changed my life.
>>REGINA: Oh, it
was an amazing book.
And so, OK, very good.
By the way, Mitch Horowitz,
who I also interview,
he has the rights to
republish that book
and has just a beautiful
limited edition of that book
that's hardbound now, with
I think gold-gilded pages,
gold leaf pages, and so forth.
It's really-- I
was so happy to see
the resurrection of that book.
>>MORADI: Wow.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>MORADI: That's incredible.
>>REGINA: I just thought I'd
share that with you in case you
wanted to maybe, for old time's
sake, pick up a new copy--
>>MORADI: Absolutely.
>>REGINA: --share
it with people.
It's still very valuable today.
>>MORADI: Absolutely.
You know, I go through it
every couple of years still--
>>REGINA: Oh, you do.
>>MORADI: --when I need
just a little rewiring.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
And for people that
don't know about it,
he was a plastic surgeon.
And what he realized is as he
was operating on these clients,
that the clients
oftentimes did not
feel any better about themselves
even after they had their dream
face or dream nose,
dream whatever.
And he realized there
was something much deeper
at play in belief systems.
>>MORADI: Yeah.
>>REGINA: So anyway, for
anyone who hasn't read it,
it's very, very beautifully
done and relevant.
So you read this, and
you started practicing.
OK, let's talk about
what happened after that.
>>MORADI: Well, I started really
exploring that inner child
of mine that I had abandoned
at that point of moving away
from everything I had
known and learning
how to love that person again.
But during this journey,
maybe a few months--
maybe about a year after that,
my husband and I got married
and decided to bring my
daughter Pele into the world.
And I feel that she was
really an angel in my life
placed right in front of me
to help me grow in that way.
And I realized that if I want
her to be self-confident,
to love herself, to
follow her dreams,
I have to show her
that I can do the same.
>>REGINA: Yes, you had
to lead by example.
>>MORADI: Yeah.
>>REGINA: OK, and then as I
understand it and remember,
you had an astrological reading.
>>MORADI: I did, yes.
>>REGINA: And that indicated
this would be a good time
to expand the family.
>>MORADI: Absolutely,
yeah, after a few years
of just soaking Pele up
in every way we could,
I felt an itch to bring her
to the land of my upbringing.
And we couldn't
take her to Iran.
My husband's American,
and getting a passport
for an American is
really difficult.
And I explored it
for a while, but I
realized that I could
take her to India,
which was like a second
home to me growing up.
So we traveled to India.
And my mom said, if
you're going to India,
make sure you go to Rishikesh
and get an astrology reading.
So that was pretty much
the main event of our trip.
We made a-- we made a big--
sorry.
We traveled all the
way up to Rishikesh
and had an astrology reading
with a Vedic astrologer.
And the astrologer told us
that there is a chance that we
would have another child.
And if we did, this child
wouldn't be with us very long.
And if we did have another
child, it would be a girl.
>>REGINA: Wow.
That's a very precise reading.
>>MORADI: It was very precise.
>>REGINA: And what did
you think about that?
You thought, OK, I feel
the urge to do this.
But what does it mean, they're
not going to be with us long?
>>MORADI: I didn't
understand it.
>>REGINA: You didn't.
>>MORADI: No, we cried
all night after because it
hit a very special place.
And we really weren't planning
on having any other kids.
We were so happy with Pele.
But this just really stirred
something unnatural up
within both of us,
where we're like,
I really do want another child.
And my husband had
the same feeling.
>>REGINA: Did you just
ignore the part about,
but they wouldn't
be with you long,
or just didn't know
what to do with it?
>>MORADI: I didn't
understand that.
>>REGINA: OK.
>>MORADI: I really didn't.
He kept saying, the line--
her line fades.
But he didn't say, she's
going to pass away,
or anything like that.
I didn't really understand
it, to be honest with you.
>>REGINA: So--
>>MORADI: So--
>>REGINA: --you go
ahead and decide,
let's go ahead and
do this thing--
>>MORADI: Yeah.
>>REGINA: --to
have another baby.
And let's talk about
what happened then.
>>MORADI: Yeah, so we went--
when I came back, I really got
back into my spiritual side
and was meditating again.
And my daughter Rishi was
born February 18, 2018.
And we had one of the
most difficult experiences
with her birth, maybe not
the most, for me, the most.
So once we got to the hospital,
my pain went from maybe a two
to a 20, way over
10, rather quickly,
where the nurse was
a little concerned,
like, OK, this is not normal.
But just move
around, sit around.
Let's see what happens.
And it was so excruciating
that I started
asking for pain medication.
They were like, let's hold off.
Let's see what happens.
So I sat down on the
bed and was trying
to work through the pain.
And I lost my breath.
And my vitals and Rishi's
vitals dropped way
below a level that is
comfortable for the hospital.
So the nurse panicked.
She didn't say anything.
She's like, we have to go.
My husband had to stay back.
She rushed me to the
emergency C-section room.
And everyone was just screaming
around me like, we need this.
We need that, like panicking
and then panicking me.
And at the same time,
I'm not breathing.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>MORADI: I'm not breathing.
And then at a certain
point, I left my body.
And I was above my
body, watching myself,
with the doctors and
nurses yelling at me
and telling me that I have
to move from the bed I'm
in to the other bed.
They don't have enough
people to move me.
If I don't move, we're all--
my daughter and I
are going to die.
They kept saying that.
And I'm viewing myself from
above my body at this point,
where I can't move myself.
But it was a very strange
feeling of being above myself.
But instead of feeling fear or
any negative thought like that,
I felt a lot of
love and more love
than I've ever felt
in my whole life.
And the type of love
that I felt was--
can, I guess, best be described
as interconnectedness.
I felt so connected to every
single person in that room
and not in the room.
And just, I knew I was going to
be OK no matter what happened.
It was very calming.
So at a certain point, they
move my body to the other table.
And my oxygen mask isn't
working, and they're just--
>>REGINA: God.
Could anything else go wrong?
>>MORADI: [LAUGHS] I don't know!
I don't know.
>>REGINA: So, OK, so then they
were able to get the baby out.
>>MORADI: Yeah, they were
able to get the baby out.
I came back in my body
before they got the baby out
because I started breathing.
And, yeah, they
got the baby out.
She didn't cry for
maybe a minute, or so.
Everyone is panicked.
But I'm back in my body.
No one knows what
just happened to me.
And I'm feeling so much bliss.
And I'm so happy.
I'm not worried.
I'm not scared.
And, yeah, I heard
her cry eventually.
And I held her.
And it felt like home.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>MORADI: Yeah.
>>REGINA: So this
blissful experience,
this feeling like
home, she's alive.
You're alive.
Did she have any health
impediments at that time when--
or was she OK?
She was healthy.
>>MORADI: She was very healthy.
They checked
everything, and she was
just perfect on every
measure that they tested.
>>REGINA: So then
two months pass.
>>MORADI: Yeah.
>>REGINA: And what happened?
>>MORADI: Well, leading
up to the two months,
she would lose her breath
often when I was holding her.
And--
>>REGINA: Just
stopped breathing?
>>MORADI: Just
stopped breathing.
The same thing that
happened to me,
I watched happen to her
probably, maybe two or three
times.
And it worried me.
I had to shake her, like really
shake her to wake her up.
And, yeah, one night
she went to bed.
And I had slept longer
than I had in a long time.
And I immediately knew
something was wrong.
And my husband rushed
into my room, just like,
Rishi's not breathing.
We need to call the doc--
we need to call 9-1-1.
So we called.
They immediately came.
It was about maybe 60 seconds
after we called that they came.
But we watched them try
to retrieve her there.
They rushed her to the hospital.
I went with her, and
my husband stayed back
with our daughter Pele.
And I watched them work on her.
And at this point, I'm pleading
with the universe, please--
>>REGINA: --let her live.
>>MORADI: --I'll do anything.
I'll give anything up.
I'll do anything.
And something in me
knew she wasn't there
because the look on the nurses'
faces and doctors' faces
and the measures
they were taking,
but, yeah, eventually they told
me that she's not coming back.
And at this point, I
fell to the ground.
And I remember this
vision so clearly
of seeing my shoes and
my coat and falling,
but then watching the back
of my head hit the ground.
And I'm still standing there.
I'm like, I'm not
in my body again.
And I went up, and I
looked around again.
Everyone's crying.
And people are trying to get me
up, but I'm just on the ground.
And I realized,
[EXHALES SHARPLY] I'm
in that connected feeling again.
And that's probably
where she's at.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>MORADI: So, yeah, somehow
I got myself together.
We went and said
goodbye to her body
and went home and
tried to be normal.
[LAUGHS]
>>REGINA: Yeah, but
something happened
in you that took you to
a new level, this feeling
of interconnectedness.
Now, where did this take
you on a spiritual level?
And did you ever piece together
that what the astrologer told
you-- did you ever piece
whether it was a warning
or was it something
to simply inform
you of a certain destiny?
>>MORADI: I would
go with destiny.
It didn't seem like a warning.
And I feel her
impact was designed
in a way where I have a
really hard time saying,
things happen for a reason,
or anything like that,
because there's so much [LAUGHS]
bad stuff that can happen.
But I feel that she
came and had that impact
to change the
world somehow and--
>>REGINA: -- and
by changing you.
>>MORADI: --and
changed me, yeah.
>>REGINA: --by changing you,
and you can then help the world.
>>MORADI: Absolutely.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
So she had a short mission.
>>MORADI: Yeah.
>>REGINA: And who
knows where she is now.
>>MORADI: Yeah.
>>REGINA: [LAUGHS]
>>MORADI: She's
watching over us.
>>REGINA: Yeah, she's watching.
And she may even be
incarnate-- or maybe waiting
for someone in your bloodline,
or something, one day.
Who knows where she is.
But she came for this
one moment in time
to help you and help
both you and your husband
come to a new level.
So this opened up
a subject for you
that you started diving
into and the notion
of looking into the Records.
Who are we?
Where have we been?
What are we about?
What are we trying to define
in ourselves at this time?
And you were looking
at it through the lens
of reading the Akashic Records.
>>MORADI: Absolutely.
>>REGINA: So let's
talk about the leap
from after her
passing, her transition
to getting into Akashic
Record reading and studies.
>>MORADI: [LAUGHS] So shortly
after she passed away,
this wonderful woman started
having dreams about my family.
And the reason I'm
telling you this too
is because for so
long, I had hidden
the spiritual part of
myself and ignored it
and just didn't want to
have anything to do with it.
I didn't want to be the
odd one in the room, who's
talking about--
[LAUGHS]
>>REGINA: Right.
>>MORADI: It was traumatic
for me when I was a child.
So I'm like, I
can't do that again.
So I feel like this
woman is a big part of it
and really opened up my
perception once again
and made me realize
that there is
so much that we
don't consider or we
don't let ourselves open up to.
At least, for me,
that was the case.
So this person is my husband's
sister's husband's co-worker.
>>REGINA: OK.
>>MORADI: And [LAUGHS] he works
at a construction company.
>>REGINA: Loosely related, yeah.
>>MORADI: Very loosely related.
But about nine days
after she passed,
this woman started having
really, really deep dreams
about us.
And during that same time,
we were building an itinerary
to go back to
India, to Rishikesh
to release her ashes into
the Ganges, Rishi's ashes
into the Ganges.
And they didn't want to tell
us about the first dream.
But once we were in India,
she had a very vivid dream
about the exact place we
were in in India, which is
a small town called Haridwar.
And this person, this
not-so-well-known angelic
person in the Hindu
tradition, came in the dream,
where we didn't know
about her either,
and was giving her
messages to give to us.
And it just so happens that--
and her name is Anandamayi Ma.
And her temple and where her
body lays is in the same town
we were in.
So this was fascinating.
We were like, there's a
lot of serendipity here.
So my heart started
opening up a little.
I'm like, OK, I can take
in this information,
I guess, and maybe believe it.
But these dreams ended up
giving us exact directions
to go on this very spiritual
journey while we were there.
>>REGINA: Did she ever
end up telling you
what the first dream was?
>>MORADI: Yeah.
I have all the dreams.
>>REGINA: What was it?
>>MORADI: The first dream
was about Rishikesh.
And, oh, the first dream
was leaving her body
and being in the neighborhood
we live in San Francisco,
even though she didn't
know where we lived.
But she mentioned the popular
parts of that neighborhood.
And going up, zooming out on
Earth, and seeing spirits,
wisps, flowing everywhere and
how some of them would dim
and some of them
would brighten up
and how it was a symbolism for
souls leaving and coming back.
But the wisps stayed.
They just either
dimmed or didn't.
>>REGINA: Interesting.
>>MORADI: It was
very interesting.
>>REGINA: So how
did this lead you
to studying the Akashic
Records under Linda Howe?
>>MORADI: Well, I sat
in meditation every day
and asked for healing and
to connect with the spirit
of Anandamayi Ma and Rishi.
And eventually,
little by little,
I was led to the words
"Akashic Records."
And I had never
known of them before.
But upon first sight,
they shook me up.
And I sensed such a familiarity
that I knew I had to explore.
I did ignore it for
quite some time,
though, because, again, I'm
very reluctant about going down
the rabbit hole of the
spiritual side of things, just
from my experience.
>>REGINA: Yeah, from
ridicule, and all that.
>>MORADI: Yeah.
>>REGINA: So you start going
into the Akashic Records.
You start studying it.
You start going into your own.
>>MORADI: Yeah.
>>REGINA: So let's
talk about what
happened there, what happened
to your health, everything.
>>MORADI: Yeah, absolutely.
When I first was able to
access my own Akashic Records,
most of the guidance
was how to heal myself
and how to become
a healthy person,
so I can receive bigger
messages, really.
So I ended up drinking more
water, meditating more.
One of the lessons was that
I have to take cold showers.
So I started taking
cold showers.
I did everything that would come
to me in the Akashic Records.
And at that point, I realized
that what's happening
is I'm preparing my body for
something a little bigger
than I can comprehend.
So that was--
>>REGINA: And so let's
talk about what you
were preparing yourself for.
And let's talk about the
fact that other lifetimes
of information started
flowing into you.
So go ahead and
tell us that now.
>>MORADI: Yeah, so one of
the most interesting things
that flowed through
the Akashic Records
is that in a very
past life of mine,
I was one of the rishis that
were sitting in the Himalayan
mountains and meditating.
And my daughter
Rishi was my friend.
We meditated together.
And we were connected
in that way.
And we have gone through
many lifetimes together.
And it's a very slow evolution
to bring this inner light back
to people.
So it's-- I don't even
know how to explain it,
but it's this profound feeling
and mission in a way that I
finally decided to accept.
And I was conducting readings
for others for a while
and realized that the ripple
effect of that is so small.
So I eventually transitioned
into teaching people
how to open their own
records because it's really
about empowerment when
it comes down to it.
>>REGINA: So did you ever
learn any more about Rishi?
And during this,
did she tell you
why she came for just that brief
period of time to be with you?
>>MORADI: No, no.
>>REGINA: OK.
>>MORADI: Because it's
a really-- our soul
is a really sacred place.
And I'm very reluctant to go and
search in somebody else's soul.
So I only really explored my
own up until a certain point.
And after some
exploration, I realized
that I don't need to keep
bringing up these old wounds
and investigating them
because it wasn't healthy.
Unless it's coming
up in my life,
I leave it, let it
be at this point.
But, yeah, I've
never really dove in
and explored her
journey too much.
>>REGINA: So here you are.
You say you've
accepted the mission.
And you've come
out of the closet.
>>MORADI: [LAUGHS]
>>REGINA: And
you're now starting
to accept the spiritual
aspects of yourself
and what you've come to
Earth to do at this time,
in this lifetime.
And so in facilitating people
to read their own records-- when
you're looking at
records, you're
usually talking about
past incarnations.
>>MORADI: Yes.
>>REGINA: Now, it's
interesting because I've
heard that debate in modern
society in America for so long.
Why do you want to know
anything about your past?
You just need to
focus on your present.
If you do your present
right, the past
doesn't matter, and on and on.
And so I've had so many people
debate this point with me.
And of course, I have my
own perspective on it.
And so let's have
your perspective
on the value of opening
up to your own records
and your own past lives.
>>MORADI: Absolutely.
There's so much value in it.
A lot of times,
we carry and loop
around the trauma
that's happened
in a different lifetime that
we've held on to unknowingly.
And it shows up in
our current life.
And if something
is bothering you,
if you keep running into
the same type of situation
with others or yourself,
there's a big chance
you're carrying trauma
from a past life.
So going and investigating that
unravels the tension around it
and gives you the tools to know
how to navigate and that you
actually don't-- you don't have
to carry that with you forever
or that's not even
a part of your soul.
It's something you
picked up somewhere.
And I feel like that's
a really important tool.
I do always recommend,
though, to not just go
searching for anything
because that just--
there's so much you
can unravel there.
>>REGINA: Right, to be pointed
when you go into your search
to begin with, that there's
something specific that you'd
like to be working on.
So initially, besides the
life with Rishi before,
what else did you find
out about your past
that you were carrying
forward by way of any programs
or habits in this lifetime?
>>MORADI: One of
the biggest things
that I found that I was
carrying with me was I
had a big vision about
being prosecuted as a witch
and burned.
It was very vivid.
And I feel my soul learned
to hide its power so that it
doesn't reveal itself too
much and so that people
can't point fingers.
I feel like in this lifetime,
I kept putting myself
in situations where that would
happen to me, to be ridiculed
and to be made small
and to have to hide.
But once you unravel
that and realize that,
wow, that's not who I am.
That's just something
that happened.
And I can move past that now.
It's very freeing.
>>REGINA: Very freeing.
I relate to that strongly.
I remember, many years ago, a
man that I was spending time
with at the time was
trying to encourage
me to speak more of my own
knowledge and truth, which--
that's good.
That's good.
But I had that same sinking
feeling all the time.
And I remember one time,
I was in San Francisco,
looking down at
this tiled floor.
And he said, why won't you
just speak your own truth
and begin sharing what you know?
And I said, because it
didn't go well last time.
And I just blurted it out.
And I realized
the amount of fear
that had been holding me
back and, to an extent,
still does from having met a
dire outcome in previous times.
And I've met many
women, in particular,
who were sages in the past
that have this same feeling.
And some of them have
stepped forward, some of them
are receded, and some are
somewhere in the middle.
But this fear is very
great because, of course,
your life was at stake
as a result of having
knowledge in those times.
>>MORADI: Yeah.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
So you've seen this
in others, too,
then as you go through and help
them discover their own pasts.
So let's talk about how you
do that, just a little bit
functionally about how
you do that with people.
And then I'd like a
couple of examples
of where people have
been able to find
their freedom through
understanding their past.
>>MORADI: Absolutely.
So you mean what happens
during a reading?
>>REGINA: Yeah, what
happens during a reading.
>>MORADI: The first thing we do
is open up our energy centers.
And this is really vital and
important because grounding
before you do a reading,
just connecting to the Earth
is important.
So we connect.
We open up our crown
and then our hearts.
And then I ask for
access to their soul.
And I step into the
vibrational frequency
that they carry around.
And we explore.
And usually what happens is--
>>REGINA: Do you-- are you
intuitively dialed into them,
so you can see what
they're experiencing?
>>MORADI: Yeah.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
And usually, it's a
lot of confirmation,
like, yes, this
happens in my life.
Yes, this is where my
path is leading to.
So we start with a lot of
confirmations in the beginning,
so they know that this is
serious and we're together.
Then after navigating
myself, I ask
them to bring up a question,
and we navigate together.
And sometimes, things come up.
Sometimes they don't.
And I feel like it's designed
that way in a way too.
Because when we're stepping into
each other's soul, what we're--
or into somebody else's
soul, what we're doing is
we're asking all the energies
they've also interacted with
to come help.
And a lot of times,
some people aren't
ready to hear some of the
things that may come up.
So I'll be blocked--
[LAUGHS]
>>REGINA: Sure.
>>MORADI: --from information.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
>>MORADI: Yeah, but let's see.
What are some examples?
One really good example--
[GASPS] all right, I
have one good example.
[LAUGHS] There is this
woman that came to me
very early on in my readings.
And I was practicing--
let's see.
I don't remember the exact
question she asked me.
But she asked me to just
explore a past life of hers.
I don't remember the
specifics of that.
That's one thing
that happens when
you read someone's
records, too, it's
like the information's not mine,
so it doesn't stick with me
for very long.
>>REGINA: Sure, yeah.
>>MORADI: And I feel the
reading gave her the courage
to stand up to this person.
>>REGINA: Wonderful.
>>MORADI: Sweet and beautiful.
But I think that's
one of the biggest
things that's come out of it.
And I haven't checked in with
too many people, to be honest.
>>REGINA: --to find out
where it went after that.
>>MORADI: Yeah.
[LAUGHS]
>>REGINA: Well, how do you teach
them to do it for themselves?
>>MORADI: I teach them how to
open up their energy centers.
And the way accessing
the Akashic Records works
is through vibrational frequency
and matching our body up
to that vibrational frequency,
kind of like phantom notes.
So I teach them to open
their energy centers
and then raise their
body's vibration
to that of the Akasha.
And this can be done through
the throat chakra, the throat
energy center, through prayer
or an access key of some sort.
And it's very common to
do that in the beginning
when you're getting used to
what that frequency feels like.
So we practice a lot,
opening up our centers
and connecting with it.
>>REGINA: Yeah, and there
are many different ways
to get there.
>>MORADI: Yeah.
>>REGINA: You just have to
find one that works for you.
>>MORADI: Absolutely.
Everyone's so different.
>>REGINA: For me, I just--
if there's something
I want to know,
I'm usually very targeted.
If I ask, I go into a state,
shift my frequencies and wait.
And the screen's black.
And if I'm to see
something, then, boom.
It's all there in living color.
Everything's shown at one time.
>>MORADI: Absolutely.
>>REGINA: And you get about
one minute, and then it's gone.
>>MORADI: Yeah.
>>REGINA: And that's it.
>>MORADI: It's very fleeting.
>>REGINA: You can't go back.
It's very fleeting.
You can't go back and
say, wait, wait, wait.
I missed something.
Show it to me again.
No, you have to be very
observant in the moment.
And again, like you say, to have
vague questions, like, oh, I
just, I'm not sure what--
I just want to
know about myself.
That is not a good
starting place.
>>MORADI: No, not at all.
The intention is
really important.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>MORADI: Yeah.
>>REGINA: Yeah, so tell us
just, kind of, in summary,
what you've seen
this do to your life.
Pele's a little-- how old
is Pele now, by the way?
>>MORADI: She's nine years old.
>>REGINA: She's nine
years old-- what
you've brought into Pele's
life and helped her understand,
what this has done for your own
life, not just the people that
study your course.
>>MORADI: Thank you
for this question.
I feel that knowing
that something like this
exists and is real has obviously
changed my path in life
so much.
But one of the things that
it's done for me mostly
is the realization of
how connected we all are
and how, in a way, we are
all the same consciousness,
split up into little
bits and pieces.
So it's given me a lot of
understanding towards others,
a lot of compassion
and also a lot
of compassion towards myself.
I'm not so hard
on myself anymore.
And I'm OK with letting myself
make mistakes and run free
and be the weird
person that I am.
And I feel that it's done the
same for my daughter Pele too.
And it actually
helped her heal a lot
after losing a little
sister, knowing that there's
something much
greater than we're
aware of happening
behind the scenes.
>>REGINA: What happened to
her at that time, by the way--
I didn't ask-- when
she lost her sister?
>>MORADI: Well, I mean--
>>REGINA: Was she
just confused or--
>>MORADI: Yeah, she's so sweet.
But she was really
sad obviously.
And her trauma manifested
in a fear of fires.
And she was very
terrified for a long time
that everything is
going to burn in a fire.
>>REGINA: That's
coming from the past.
>>MORADI: Yeah, definitely.
But we went to a lot of therapy,
and we worked together a lot.
And we talked about it
any time she wanted to,
and I feel like
that really helped.
>>REGINA: Did you switch
to an electric stove?
[LAUGHTER]
>>MORADI: No, but our
house is very fire-safe.
[LAUGHS]
>>REGINA: I bet it is.
>>MORADI: Yeah.
>>REGINA: Well, thank you.
I know that it's hard
to come on a show
and when you're not
used to being on--
with all the lights and
cameras on you, and everything.
I really appreciate
your coming out
and starting to share
your story more publicly.
>>MORADI: Thank you.
>>REGINA: And you
decided to go for it.
You named your site
"Magic Inclined."
You just owned it,
the word "magic."
>>MORADI: I did.
I did.
>>REGINA: And so you do
private sessions for people,
but do you also do
workshops, and such?
>>MORADI: Yeah, absolutely.
I've actually transitioned
from public sessions
to just teaching people how
to open their own records
and also becoming Akashic
Records practitioners.
Just the ripple
effect of that is
more valuable to me right now.
>>REGINA: --than one-on-one.
>>MORADI: Yeah.
>>REGINA: Yeah, absolutely.
Well, thank you for the
good work that you do.
>>MORADI: Thank you.
>>REGINA: You have
lovely energies.
And it's great that you
had all those dreams
and that you had everything
so validated also
by your Vedic
astrologer in Rishikesh.
That's pretty incredible.
You had access to that and
got a glimpse of who you are.
And of course, in
the Hindu faith,
astrology is a huge part of it--
>>MORADI: Yeah.
>>REGINA: --oftentimes
an astrologer
arriving at birth
to tell the parents
the destiny of their child.
>>MORADI: Yeah.
>>REGINA: So this is really
good you followed it.
>>MORADI: Thank you.
>>REGINA: Thank you so
much for joining us.
>>MORADI: Thanks for having me.
>>REGINA: You can go to
magicinclined.com and learn
much more about Rohini and
Akashic Record reading.
Until next time, thank
you for joining us here
on "Open Minds."
[MUSIC PLAYING]